Technical identification process is affected by several factors including
All of above

First step in problem solving is
Define

Which of the following refers to stealing one's idea or invention of others and use it for their own benefits?
All of the above

A technology manager works at -------- level of hierarchical structure of organizationTop management level
Top management level

What are characteristics of a programmed decision?
Routine and non-complex

 Which type of worker knows how and when to apply technology?
 Technology-literate knowledge worker
 
  What does the technological environment consists of?
  Creation of new knowledge and application of that knowledge
  
  The general transformation cycle for information is:--------
   Data to information to knowledge
   
   The first stage in the problem-solving process is called the ______________ stage. During this stage, potential problems or opportunities are identified and defined
   Monitoring
   
   All external factors which have effect of business performance is called
   Business environment
   
   Firms that are not positioned to develop specific technologies would turn to which of the following to help them develop those specific technologies?
   Technology integration
   
   We can compare the price earnings ratio of a market to its historical average to make judgement about, whether market is
   b) Both (a) and (b)
   
    Portfolio Management includes management of which of the following
    Investment Plan
    
     The problems which has no apparent solution is called
     Dilemma
     
     The possibility of reduction of risk through the construction of a portfolio depends on the value of ________ between the two assets.
     Correlation coefficient
     
     Technology selection sub processes include all of the following except
     Feasibility analysis
     
     The extent to which technology permeates an area or department is called
     Technology infusion
     
      The technological environment has created which of the following that facilitate the flow of information, resources, and personnel for technology development and diffusion?
      Technology integration
      
      Which of the following systems deals with planning for, development, management, and use of information technology tools for management?
      Management Information Systems
      
      Which of the following is an example of pull technology?
      Email
      
      Which of the following type of text is transformed with the help of a cipher algorithm?d) Plain text
      d) Plain text
      
      Concept of management focuses on which of the following elements
      d) Both (a) and (c)
      
      Which of the following is not a step of problem solving?
       Semi Structured
      
      Which of the followings are included in the selection?
      All of above
      
      Measurement of Technological Change can be done from which of the following measurements
       Both (a) and (b)
       
       Which of the following is not an acquisition?
       Contracts and relationships
       
       Out of eight stages in the process of technological innovation, which of the following is not true
       none of the above
       
       Which of the following refers to the violation of the principle if a computer is no more accessible?

Availability

Which of the following can be considered as the elements of cyber security?
All of the above

. Main Process of technology identification process includes
d) All of above
       Technology transfer processes includes
       All of above
       
        Which of the following is collective information about customers, competitors, business partners, competitive environments?
Business Intelligence (BI)

. Acquisition evaluation involves-------
 Both a and b
 
 Which of the following is not a characteristic of a quality data?
 Integrity
 
 
       
       
       
      
      
      
     
     


